fix(docu): extending examples (#197)
utopia-os/utopia-ui: examples/README.md

# Examples

> 
> This examples depend on the `/dist` of the root project. You have to run `npm run build` in the root project before you can run the examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a collection of executable examples. Building on each other, they show the features available in the Utipia-ui library.
You can run them and try them out locally in the browser.

## Running the examples

These examples depend on the `/dist` of the root project. You have to run `npm run build` in the root project before you can run the examples:

Using the example [3 - Tags](./3-tags):

```sh
# in root directory install and build the library
npm install
npm run build

# change to specific example directory
cd ./examples/3-tags

# install and run the example code
npm install && npm run dev

# call up the running example in the browser at http://localhost:5173/
```
```
